hi everyone i'm rincey and this is
rincey reads so about a book 8.0 starts
next week and i am going to be
participating i took part in the battle
books readathon last time in May and you
guys can check out my wrap up for that
in case you guys are interested in
seeing that I'll leave a link to that
down below but I had a lot of fun doing
the Battle books readathon that one was
my first readathon ever and so I feel
like I should partake in as many of them
as possible because they are always just
a lot of fun now I'm not someone who
likes to make a strict TVR because that
never really works out quite well for me
so the one goal I'm going to make
confirmed myself is to read 150 pages a
day which is going to be a bit of a
stretch for me because recently I
haven't really been reading as much
every single day as I would like usually
I'm averaging around 50 pages a day
which isn't bad at all but it's nothing
amazing so I kind of want to push myself
through the readathon and get through
150 pages on average so I want to try to
get to 1050 pages by the end of the week
the other goal i'm going to try to shoot
for is to read a minimum of three books
with at least two of those being actual
books and one of those can be a graphic
novel now I have gone through sort of my
piles of books and try to pick out
things that I think I might be in the
mood to read as well as being relatively
short or quick and easy read one thing
about doing a read-a-thon that I've
realized is that I don't want to be
reading anything that is super dense or
super thick not that I have a problem
with those books but they don't really
work for me to thumb because it makes
you feel like you were going super super
slow the first book that I'm going to
try to read is friday night lights by hg
bissinger this is a story about a high
school football team in Texas I haven't
seen the movie but I have watched the
television show and it's amazing and
I've been wanting to read the book for a
while and with football season starting
up in a couple of weeks well I mean
pre-seasons already started but you know
regular season
starting in a couple of weeks I figured
this might be a good book tree to get me
into the mood and then the other books
that I think I'm going to need for sure
are Persepolis 1 & 2 which if you guys
have seen when I called these videos
I've said before that I've read the
first one by haven't read the second one
yet so this is going to be a reread but
I've kind of forgotten significant
things that have happened in this book
so it will kind of be like a fresh read
but I feel like throwing in some graphic
novels will be good for me because it'll
help me in case I feel like I'm reading
relatively slow everything else that I
am going to be showing you guys are all
basically just maybes that i will read
if i finish those other books i don't
really know what i'm going to end up
picking up but these are kind of what i
feel like i'm in the mood for as well as
just some of the shorter reads that I
own first is in the woods by Tana French
i own at this as well as the likeness
and I've heard nothing but good things
about Tana French and I feel like I'm in
the mood for a mystery maybe but this
one is a little bit longer so I don't
know if you've read this book let me
know if it's a fast reader slowly
because if it's slowly then I might just
save this one for after a bout of books
then there is the relative from the
mentalist buying most in how need which
is a short book and it also has pretty
big font so I feel like this one will be
a pretty fast read I read how to get
filthy rich in rising asia earlier this
year i'll leave a link to that review
down below in case you're interested but
that one I read in like a day so if you
like this one I could read in like a day
and have no problem so this one will
probably be one of the first ones i read
just because it would be quick and i'll
make me feel good about myself then
there is i am the messenger by Markus
Zusak which again is a pretty short read
his book the book thief took me a little
bit longer than most young adult books
to read so i don't know if i'm going to
read this one map but i wanted to pick
up a couple of young adult books just
because those are easier for me to go
through in general but if you've read i
am the messenger let me know how the
piecing is for this one compared to say
the book thief and then another possible
one that i think i will read is the
vampire academy by richelle mead this
one I picked up during the genre book
swap earlier this year and I haven't
read it yet which I feel kind of bad
about what I do want to give it a chance
and
it's you know young adult and I feel
like this one will be pretty
action-packed so yeah those are the
books that I am going to try to read
during the next week if you've read any
of these books please leave some
comments down below letting me know what
you guys thought of them and if you
think they'd be good for readathon if
you are participating about ebooks
definitely leave a comment down below
because I want to try to follow other
people who are participating in the
batter books readathon so yeah that's
all I have for now and thanks for
watching